Docs refactor (#421)
pydantic/logfire: docs/why-logfire/opentelemetry.md

# OpenTelemetry under the hood :telescope:

Because **Pydantic Logfire** is built on [OpenTelemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/), you can
use a wealth of existing tooling and infrastructure, including

> [instrumentation for many common Python packages](https://opentelemetry-python-contrib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html). Logfire also support cross-language data integration and data export to any OpenTelemetry-compatible backend or proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[instrumentation for many common Python packages](https://opentelemetry-python-contrib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html). Logfire also supports cross-language data integration and data export to any OpenTelemetry-compatible backend or proxy.
```

For example, we can instrument a simple FastAPI app with just 2 lines of code:

> ```py title="fastapi_example.py" hl_lines="8 9 10"

Reviewer 2: All examples in the FastAPI docs use `main.py`, let's try to use the same notation.

```suggestion
```py title="main.py" hl_lines="8 9 10"
```

Author: done

from datetime import date
import logfire
from pydantic import BaseModel
from fastapi import FastAPI

app = FastAPI()

logfire.configure()
logfire.instrument_fastapi(app)  # (1)!

> # next, instrument your database connector, http library etc. and add the logging handler (2)

Author: Good suggestions, this is done.

![Screenshot 2024-09-25 at 15 35 24](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f68e3fa6-62a2-4dea-af8e-6705cd4a72a4)

class User(BaseModel):
    name: str
    country_code: str
    dob: date

@app.post('/')
async def add_user(user: User):
    # we would store the user here
    return {'message': f'{user.name} added'}
```

> 1. In addition to [configuring logfire](../reference/configuration.md) this line is generally all you need to instrument a FastAPI app with Logfire, the same applies to most other popular Python web frameworks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In addition to [configuring logfire](../reference/configuration.md) this line is all you need to instrument a FastAPI app with Logfire. The same applies to most other popular Python web frameworks.
```

2. The [integrations](../integrations/index.md) page has more information on how to instrument other parts of your app.

We'll need the [FastAPI contrib package](../integrations/fastapi.md), FastAPI itself and uvicorn installed to run this:

```bash

> pip install 'logfire[fastapi]' fastapi uvicorn  # (1)!

Reviewer 2: Why don't we use the plugin, as it was before? The docs have all installations under the plugin, so it's friendly to our users's setup.

Author: I didn't make any changes here, this is the same markdown as it was previously on the all-in-one page, compare this to the current live site. 

![Screenshot 2024-09-25 at 13 15 35](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e2a786f0-4603-4800-880d-cdc19dd14b7a)

I'm fine to change this to use the plugin, confirming you mean `{{ install_logfire() }}` ?

uvicorn fastapi_example:app # (2)!
```

1. Install the `logfire` package with the `fastapi` extra, FastAPI, and uvicorn.
2. Run the FastAPI app with uvicorn.

> This will give you information on the HTTP request, but also details of results from successful input validations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will give you information on the HTTP request and details of results from successful input validations:
```

![Logfire FastAPI 200 response screenshot](../images/index/logfire-screenshot-fastapi-200.png)

> And details of failed input validations:

Reviewer: Maybe add something like "more importantly" or something like that, also could highlight Pydantic integration here potentially

Author: Does this explanation look ok to you @sydney-runkle ? 

![Screenshot 2024-09-25 at 13 29 16](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c974294b-42d7-40fd-a00f-5e555fbd146c)
